Update some missing Lagrange docs (#889)
Ferrite-FEM/Ferrite.jl: docs/src/devdocs/elements.md

## Type definitions

Elements or cells are subtypes of `AbstractCell{<:AbstractRefShape}`. As shown, they are parametrized
by the associated reference element.

> ### Required methods to implement for all subtypes of `AbstractCell` to define a new element
> 
> ```@docs
> Ferrite.reference_vertices(::Ferrite.AbstractRefShape)
> Ferrite.vertices(::Ferrite.AbstractCell)
> Ferrite.reference_edges(::Ferrite.AbstractRefShape)
> Ferrite.edges(::Ferrite.AbstractCell)
> Ferrite.reference_faces(::Ferrite.AbstractRefShape)
> Ferrite.faces(::Ferrite.AbstractCell)
> Ferrite.reference_facets(::Ferrite.AbstractRefShape)
> Ferrite.facets(::Ferrite.AbstractCell)
> Ferrite.geometric_interpolation(::Ferrite.AbstractCell)
> ```

Reviewer: Actually, this isn't true AFAIU.
It suffices to implement `get_node_ids(c::MyCellType)` and `geometric_interpolation`. The part regarding reference shapes should be moved to reference shape devdocs, and stated here that this refers to a new cell for existing reference shape. 

```suggestion
**Move to refshapes devdocs**
### Required methods to implement for a new `AbstractRefShape`
```@docs
Ferrite.reference_vertices
Ferrite.reference_edges(::Ferrite.AbstractRefShape)
Ferrite.reference_faces(::Ferrite.AbstractRefShape)
```
which automatically defines 
```@docs
Ferrite.reference_facets(::Ferrite.AbstractRefShape)
```

### Required methods to implement for all subtypes of `AbstractCell` to define a new element

```@docs
Ferrite.get_node_ids
geometric_interpolation
```

### Automatically defined methods using the above required methods
```@docs
Ferrite.vertices(::Ferrite.AbstractCell)
Ferrite.edges(::Ferrite.AbstractCell)
Ferrite.faces(::Ferrite.AbstractCell)
Ferrite.facets(::Ferrite.AbstractCell)
```

Author: Oh right, I totally misread the headline.

## Type definitions

Elements or cells are subtypes of `AbstractCell{<:AbstractRefShape}`. As shown, they are parametrized
by the associated reference element.

### Required methods to implement for all subtypes of `AbstractCell` to define a new element

```@docs
Ferrite.get_node_ids

> Ferrite.vertices(::Ferrite.AbstractCell)
> Ferrite.reference_edges(::Ferrite.AbstractRefShape)
> Ferrite.edges(::Ferrite.AbstractCell)
> Ferrite.reference_faces(::Ferrite.AbstractRefShape)
> Ferrite.faces(::Ferrite.AbstractCell)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Required methods to implement for all subtypes of `AbstractCell` to define a new element

```@docs
Ferrite.get_node_ids
```

> Please note that if your cell holds a single tuple called `nodes` to carry the node numbers, then
> this method will work automatically. Almost all functions work automatically with the information
> provided by the reference element.

Reviewer: Already mentioned in the docstring
```suggestion
```

> Please note that if you want to implement a custom element which does not have a reference shape,
> then the relevant functions below need to be dispatched.

Reviewer: I don't think this is possible, `AbstractCell{RT}` requires `RT<:AbstractRefShape`? 

```suggestion
```

Author: ```
struct MyFancyDynamicCell
    nodes::Vector{Int}
end
```
?

Reviewer: But that won't fit in the grid which requires
```
struct MyFancyDynamicCell <: AbstractCell{RefShape}
    nodes::Vector{Int}
end
```
?

Reviewer: And I guess lot of the codebase assumes that the refshape can be determined only by the type, so not sure how an arbitrary polygon element would work. Do we already have an issue for this? Otherwise, that would be good.

Author: But I would leave this issue for later, as it does not have any priority for me.

Author: Should we then include a note that we require subtyping for our Grid? (Possibly separate PR)

Reviewer: I think you already included the requirement of an AbstractCell [here](https://github.com/Ferrite-FEM/Ferrite.jl/pull/889/files#diff-b331ab3d590056374ff36772c42e8ee13544e3ce67db0ab6a3369da27e8e6659R5)?
